Add prose, JS/TS & Rust guidelines used by Unboxed and prof-education (#201)
solana-foundation/developer-content: CONTRIBUTING.md

Failure to adhere to these style guidelines will slow down the review process
and block approval/merging.

### Prose

> The guidelines below are consistent with Solana Foundation Style (if you work at
> Solana Foundation, see Notion), and

Reviewer: Seeing as this is outward-facing style guide, best to not reference any internal documentation.
```suggestion
The guidelines below are consistent with Solana Foundation Style Guide, and
```

  - Use the specific term 'associated token account' rather than just 'token
    account' if you're referring to an account at an associated token address.
  - Use 'token mint account' to refer to the address where a token is minted.
    E.g., the
    [USDC mainnet token mint account](https://explorer.solana.com/address/EPjFWdd5AufqSSqeM2qN1xzybapC8G4wEGGkZwyTDt1v).
    Use apostrophes of possession,
    [including for inanimate objects](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/1031/is-using-the-possessive-s-correct-in-the-cars-antenna).
    Eg 'the account's balance' is correct.
- Don't use 'here' links. They make the course hard to scan and
  ['here' links are bad for SEO](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/06/links-should-never-say-click-here/).
- JS/TS clients send `transactions` made from `instructions`. Onchain programs
  have `instruction handlers` that process `instructions`. Do not refer to
  [instruction handlers](https://solana.com/docs/terminology#instruction-handler)
  as instructions! The reason is simple: an instruction cannot process an
  instruction. The `multiple` template in Anchor also calls the functions
  `handler`.

> Finally, run Grammarly over your PRs. While your spelling might be fine,
> Grammarly will often catch dangling words and consistencies over your prose. You
> don't have to change everything Grammarly asks, but checking your document will
> save other people time. For VScode users, there is a
> [VScode extension for Grammarly](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=znck.grammarly).

Reviewer: Paragraph is a duplicate of the first bullet point.
```suggestion
```

### Code

You're writing code to be read, understood, and changed by others.

We want the minimal amount of code necessary to solve the problem.

- Use full names. Call a `thing` a `thing`. Don't call it a `thg` - this means
  we don't have to say 'thing, spelled tee aitch gee' every time we talk about
  it, and means students (who often don't speak English as a first language)
  have to work out that 'thg' means 'thing'.
- Avoid repetitive, copy-paste code. This helps others change the code easily,
  as they can update and fix things in a single place. If there's some
  boilerplate, Solana-specific code you always need
  [make a PR to the 'helpers' repository](https://github.com/solana-developers/helpers).
- Avoid magic numbers. Nobody should see a `+ 32` in your code and wonder what
  the `32` means. See Anchor notes below for Anchor-specific advice.
- Avoid asking students to clone a git repo. The idea is that students should be
  able to create projects from scratch when they have finished the course.

>   Referring to the code students have made in previous chapters is fine.

Reviewer: This is not consistent across all guides. Imo remove

We want the minimal amount of code necessary to solve the problem.

- Use full names. Call a `thing` a `thing`. Don't call it a `thg` - this means
  we don't have to say 'thing, spelled tee aitch gee' every time we talk about
  it, and means students (who often don't speak English as a first language)
  have to work out that 'thg' means 'thing'.
- Avoid repetitive, copy-paste code. This helps others change the code easily,
  as they can update and fix things in a single place. If there's some
  boilerplate, Solana-specific code you always need
  [make a PR to the 'helpers' repository](https://github.com/solana-developers/helpers).
- Avoid magic numbers. Nobody should see a `+ 32` in your code and wonder what
  the `32` means. See Anchor notes below for Anchor-specific advice.
- Avoid asking students to clone a git repo. The idea is that students should be
  able to create projects from scratch when they have finished the course.
  Referring to the code students have made in previous chapters is fine.

#### JS/TS

We're trying to focus on Solana, not teaching JS/TS development and setup. This
means reducing the JS/TS concepts needed to understand our demo code.

> - `.ts` files are run with `esrun`, which supports top-level `await`, doesn't
>   require a `tsconfig.json`, etc. There is no need for `async function main()`
>   wrappers or [IIFEs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE).
>   `await` just works. If you see these wrappers, remove them.

Author: ```suggestion
- On the command line (not in the browser),`.ts` files are run on the command line with `esrun`, which supports top-level `await`, doesn't require a `tsconfig.json`, etc. There is no need for `async function main()` wrappers or [IIFEs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE). `await` just works. If you see these wrappers, remove them.
```

Author: I spoke with @jacobcreech yesterday and wanted to make it more explicit that this is for ..ts` files on the command line. React sadly has a whole bunch of functions that aren't async and still need IIFEs to get an async context and use `await`.
